In this video I am going to tell you
how to download ICICI motor policy.
So
open the web page of ICICIB.  What is web page making?
Write ICICB and search.
After searching, its home page will open.
After the home page opens, you will see that the
AI ​​option is visible here by doing an ask action.
Ok?  You have to chat with that AI option just
like you chat on WhatsApp.
So tick it.
After ticking, your chart board will
open.  After the chart board opens,
you will see it like this, then in it
you will see the option Change Language by
New Policy Get Soft Copy Service Menu,
so you have to go to Get Soft Policy
Copy, as soon as you tick it,
then you will get a new option, see here,
policy copy and health
card are visible here, if you have health insurance then
tick on health card and if you have motor
policy then tick on policy copy,
okay, as soon as you tick on policy copy,
next option will open.
See here I ticked policy copy.
After ticking the policy copy, see
here it is asking for get details like
mobile number, authorized
mobile number or vehicle number or health
card number or policy number.  I
knew the policy number so I entered the policy number.
If you do not know the policy number,
enter your mobile number.  Ok?
As soon as you enter your mobile number, you will receive an
OTP.  Ok?  In this way OTP will be
asked.  So
your OTP will come on the registered mobile number.
This verification will come as soon as you enter the OTP.
I have entered the OTP here.
After entering the OTP, see the link has appeared here.
Look here the link is visible.  Firstly, this
link which is visible, click here is visible
here.  What do you have to do on this click here
?  Have to touch.  Ok?  I will click.
As soon as you click, your policy will be downloaded.  In
this way you
can download your policy.  Your registered mobile
number should be there.  You just enter the registered mobile number and
after that OTP will come.
After OTP verification, it will be
shown to all the policy links present in your registered mobile.  You have to download the policy which you
like.   If you
liked the video then please like it.
Subscribe to our channel.  Thank you.